Unify schema document and Schema Loader document (#647)
scalar-labs/scalardb: schema-loader/README.md

# Scalar DB Schema Loader

Scalar DB has its own data model and schema, that maps to the implementation specific data model and schema.
Also, it stores internal metadata (e.g., transaction ID, record version, transaction status) for managing transaction logs and statuses when you use the Consensus Commit transaction manager.

> It is a little hard for application developers to care for the schema mapping and metadata for transactions, so we offer a tool called Scalar DB Schema Loader for creating schema without much knowledge about those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a little hard for application developers to manage the schema mapping and metadata for transactions, so we offer a tool called Scalar DB Schema Loader for creating schema without requiring much knowledge about those.
```

| TEXT      | text      | string (JSON)  | S        | longtext | text             | varchar2(4000) | varchar(8000)   |
| BLOB      | blob      | string (JSON)  | B        | longblob | bytea            | RAW(2000)      | varbinary(8000) |

However, the following types in JDBC databases are converted differently when they are used as a primary key or a secondary index key due to the limitations of RDB data types.

| ScalarDB | MySQL         | PostgreSQL        | Oracle       |
|----------|---------------|-------------------|--------------|
| TEXT     | VARCHAR(64)   | VARCHAR(10485760) | VARCHAR2(64) |
| BLOB     | VARBINARY(64) |                   | RAW(64)      |

If this data type mapping doesn't match your application, please alter the tables to change the data types after creating them with this tool.

## Internal metadata for Consensus Commit

The Consensus Commit transaction manager manages metadata (e.g., transaction ID, record version, transaction status) stored along with the actual records to handle transactions properly.
Thus, along with any required columns by the application, additional columns for the metadata need to be defined in the schema.

> And this tool creates a table with the metadata when you use the Consensus Commit transaction manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionaly, this tool creates a table with the metadata when you use the Consensus Commit transaction manager.
```
